now to the Middle East because the Hamas
ran Health Ministry in Gaza says 19
Palestinians have been killed in an
Israeli strike on a designated
humanitarian Zone local Reports say at
least 60 more who were Sheltering in the
displacement camp at al- maasi in the
southwest of the Gaza Strip were injured
Israel's military says it targeted what
it called a Hamas Command Center here's
Mike
Thompson not long past midnight
Devastation came from the sky
eyewitnesses say at least four Israeli
missiles struck this sprawling
overcrowded tent camp along the Gaza
Coast around 20 tents were obliterated
burying many who'd been sleeping beneath
sand and
Rubble it wasn't until dawn that the
scale of the destruction at almati began
to become
clear deep craters some as much as 9 M
across bear Witness to what for many had
been a night of
horror we saw women and the children
cutting pieces many died there are still
people missing almasi is a designated
humanitarian safe Zone but that seems a
meaningless term there
today this woman is the mother of 10
children death surrounds Us in every
place and we don't know where to go we
are dying slowly Israelis please just
kill us finish us off we are not
living the Israeli military insists it
successfully targeted a Hass command and
control center at
alasi every effort the Army also said
had been taken to minimize civilian
casualties using extensive intelligence
precise Munitions and aerial
surveillance but that's not reflected in
the many haunted faces
there the Israeli St us to come here we
believed them and came but everything I
had is now gone please find us solution
we are peaceful people we don't have
anything to do with the Hamas
resistance with little sign yet of a
Gaza ceasefire deal the suffering of
these people and others all over Gaza
goes
on Mike Thompson BBC News
Jerusalem the Israeli military says its
investigation has shown it was highly
like that an American activist had been
killed as a result of indirect and
unintended IDF fire 26-year-old AO IG
who is of Turkish origin was shot dead
on Friday during a weekly protest
against Jewish settlement expansion in
the occupied West Bank the US Secretary
of State Anthony blinken has said in the
last couple of hours that her killing
was unprovoked and
unjustified well here he is in that news
conference a short while ago with regard
to to the tragic killing of
isor um I think what we saw of this uh
investigation is it seems to show what
eyewitnesses have said and made clear
that her killing was both unprovoked and
unjustified uh no
one no one should be shot and killed for
attending a
protest no one should have to put their
life at
risk just for C expressing their
views um in our judgment Israeli
Security Forces need to make some
fundamental changes in the way that they
operate in the West Bank including
changes to their Rules of Engagement